Initial work on OSD architecture (#9)
omnivector-solutions/osd-documentation: architecture.rst

.. architecture:

================
OSD Architecture
================

The Omnivector Slurm Distribution has the following components:

* Compute nodes (running ``slurmd``)

* Slurm database node (running ``slurmdbd``)

* Slurm control node (running ``slurmctld``)

* Slurm configurator node - an Omnivector system to configure and control the
  entire cluster

* Slurm REST service (running ``slurmrestd``) - currently only available for
  Ubuntu Focal

On the compute nodes, we also install
`Node Health Check (NHC) <https://github.com/mej/nhc>`_ with a only a few basic
checks for the node health status. It is possible, and recommended, that the
cluster administrator extends these checks. Check :ref:`nhc` section for
details on how to configure it.

The easiest way to install Infiniband drivers on the compute nodes is to use
the charm supplied actions related to infiniband management. Check

> :ref:`infiniband` section for details on how to install it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`infiniband` section for details on Infiniband driver lifecycle operations.
```

.. architecture:

================
OSD Architecture
================
The Omnivector Slurm Distribution is built on a suite of automations called "charms".
Charms are the operational components that describe the lifecycle of a SLURM cluster.
A full deployment comes in the form of multiple charms, one for each component of
SLURM. A "bundle" is a yaml file where multiple charms can be defined. We use bundles
to describe the interconnectivity and configuration of groups of charms. 

Slurm Charms
------------
The `slurm-charms <https://github.com/omnivector-solutions/slurm-charms/>`_
are the components that encapsulate the operational know-how and automation
needed to facilitate the lifecycle of a SLURM cluster.

Slurm Bundles
-------------
The `slurm-bundles <https://github.com/omnivector-solutions/slurm-bundles/>`_
define the base slurm deployment configurations for different clouds and
operating systems.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
OSD Components
--------------
```

Author: I'm not sure `components` is  good word here...

Author: The way it is now suggests the components and NHC are part of the bundles, that's why i suggest to add a new subsection.
